Added Support for trainpad (#20973)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/trainpad/readme.md

# trainpad

> Custom handwired one key keyboard. **See each individual board for pin information.**

Author: corrected the hardwire part, it has a PCB

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Ananya Kirti](https://github.com/AnanyaKirti)
* Hardware Supported: custom stacked FR4 case

> * Hardware Availability: Contact bob at IMKC Discord

Author: done!

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make TrainPad:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

>     make TrainPad:default:flash

Author: I have a pcb for this, it's not hardwired, hence did not put it in hardwired

> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

Reviewer: Could you add instructions above this paragraph on how to enter bootloader mode for this keyboard?

Here's some sample text you can modify as needed for this purpose:

```
## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the back of the PCB - some may have pads you must short instead
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available
```

Author: done!

# trainpad

Custom four key keyboard. **See each individual board for pin information.**

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Ananya Kirti](https://github.com/AnanyaKirti)
* Hardware Supported: custom stacked FR4 case
* Hardware Availability: Contact bob at [IMKC Discord](https://discord.gg/imkc)

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader:

> * **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the taticle button on the back of the PCB.

Reviewer: You have Bootmagic enabled, so there's another possible reset method. Also fixes a typo.

```suggestion
* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the far left key while connecting the USB cable.
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the tactile button on the back of the PCB.
```
